Update README.md (#384)
panva/node-openid-client: docs/README.md

    the request object as first argument instead. **Default:** 'false'
  - `usePKCE`: `<boolean>` &vert; `<string>` The PKCE method to use. When 'true' it will resolve based
    on the issuer metadata, when 'false' no PKCE will be used. **Default:** 'true'

>   - `sessionKey`: <string> Define the property in your session which is used for storing information for the purpose of consuming the authentication response. **Default:** 'oidc:${Issuer Identifier}'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `sessionKey`: `<string>` Define the property in your session which is used for storing information for the purpose of consuming the authentication response. **Default:** 'oidc:${Issuer Identifier}'
```

>   - `[sessionKey]`: <string> Optional argument used with PKCE, explicitly define the key in your session which is used for storing and retrieving the code_verifier. When it is not defined the sessionKey will be `oidc:` + issuer's hostname.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `sessionKey`: <string> Define the property in your session which is used for storing and retrieving transient information for the purpose of consuming the authentication response. **Default:** 'oidc:${Issuer Identifier}'
```
